update info (#10086)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-aadj-sso-base.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> For more details about the actual experience after everything has been configured, please see [Windows Hello for Business and Authentication](./hello-how-it-works-authentication.md).

> [!NOTE]

> > For access issues in the context of VPN, make sure to check the resolution and workaround described in  [this article](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/windows-client/group-policy/group-membership-changes-not-updating-over-some-vpn-connections#workarounds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For access issues in the context of VPN, make sure to check the resolution and workaround described in [Workaround for user security context and access control](/troubleshoot/windows-client/group-policy/group-membership-changes-not-updating-over-some-vpn-connections#workarounds).
```

>     > [!NOTE]
>     > For access issues in the context of VPN make sure to check the resolution and workaround described in  [this article](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/windows-client/group-policy/group-membership-changes-not-updating-over-some-vpn-connections#workarounds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> For access issues in the context of VPN, make sure to check the resolution and workaround described in  [this article](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/windows-client/group-policy/group-membership-changes-not-updating-over-some-vpn-connections#workarounds).
```
